Documentation update (#3)
magicaks/fabrikate-defs: README.md

> # Admin K8s Manifests for MagicAKS

Author: I made a mistake here, but can we still improve compared to the old one.

Author: Changed the heading

This repository contains [Fabrikate](https://github.com/microsoft/fabrikate) high-level definitions (HLD) for [MagicAKS](https://github.com/magicaks/magicaks).

> MagicAKS sets up [Flux (GitOps)](https://fluxcd.io/) to track [the admin manifest repo](https://github.com/magicaks/k8smanifests). Any changes made to Fabrikate definitions here will trigger the [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) pipeline ([`.github/workflows/main.yml`](./.github/workflows/main.yml)) and push new changes to the admin manifest repo and those changes will eventually be reflected in the cluster.

Author: Made proper and unified.

> The [`build.sh`](./build.sh) script, executed by the pipeline, creates the necessary [role-based access control (RBAC)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/overview) configuration, which is then placed in the Fabrikate generated folder and hence pushed to the Kubernetes (K8s) manifest repository.

Author: Work put in.

> The [`build.sh`](./build.sh) script, executed by the pipeline, creates the necessary [role-based access control (RBAC)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/overview) configuration, which is then placed in the Fabrikate generated folder and hence pushed to the Kubernetes (K8s) manifest repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline executes the [`build.sh`](./build.sh) script to create the necessary [role-based access control (RBAC)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/overview) configuration, adds the configuration to the Fabrikate generated folder and pushes it to the Kubernetes (K8s) manifest repository.
```

## Getting started

> Execute the following steps to initialize the Flux (GitOps) for your cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following steps to initialize Flux (GitOps) for your cluster:
```

> 1. Edit the [`users.yaml`](./users.yaml) file to specify the list of users and groups which have access to the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the [`users.yaml`](./users.yaml) file to specify the list of users and groups that have access to the cluster
```

    > **Important:** User and group object IDs are specific to an AAD tenant. Make sure to retrieve the user and group object IDs from the AAD tenant that governs the RBAC access to the cluster.

    * Since MagicAKS is a RBAC enabled cluster, users and groups are defined in [Azure Active Directory (AAD)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis). You can retrieve the object IDs of users and groups from AAD in [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or by [command line tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/healthcare-apis/find-identity-object-ids). Examples using Azure CLI:
        * User object ID:

            ```bash

>             az ad user show --id "<user principal name>" --query objectId --out tsv

Reviewer: Ahh, we should probably add such scripts in the other readme as well to retrieve the tenant id etc

            ```

        * Group object ID:

            ```bash
            az ad group show --group "<group name>" --query objectId --out tsv
            ```

1. Create a secret for this repository containing an access token so that the GitOps process can monitor repositories and update manifests
    1. [Create a personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token) with **repo** scope (full control of private repositories)
        > **Note:** Make sure to copy the access token value once created, because you cannot access it again.
    1. [Create a repository secret](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository), named `ACCESS_TOKEN`, for this repository using the value of the personal access token

> 1. Duplicate or fork [the K8s manifests repository](https://github.com/magicaks/k8smanifests) to create an admin manifest repository for yourself

Reviewer: I thought the other setup instructions also suggested to do this - or are there 4 repos in total here?

1. Change the value of the `REPO` variable in the last step of [the `main.yml` pipeline file](.github/workflows/main.yml) to point to your new admin manifest repo created in the previous step
1. Grant execution permissions for the build script and Fabrikate executable so that GitHub Actions pipeline can run them:

>     ```bash

Reviewer 2: I think if we run these commands and update the repo and one will not need to do it again on their end.

Author: Depending on the way how one duplicates the repo, the permissions may not survive. But I think the working needs to be changed.

Author: Wording changed
